Add navigation links for contributors to README.md (#1597)
optuna/optuna: README.md

## Contribution

> Any contributions to Optuna are welcome!

Reviewer: Slightly more emphasized.
```suggestion
Any contributions to Optuna are more than welcome!
```

Author: Thanks! Applied.

> If you are a new contributor, please check [good first issues](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are simple and well-defined so that they can be good starting points for you to get familiar with the contribution workflow and other developers.

Reviewer: "New contributor" could be interpreted as either "new to Optuna" or "new to OSS". How about being explicit, with the former? I believe we in general mean the former?
```suggestion
If you are new to Optuna, please check [good first issues](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are simple and well-defined so that they can be good starting points for you to get familiar with the contribution workflow and other developers.
```

Author: > "new to Optuna"

I agree. Applied. Thanks!

> If you are a new contributor, please check [good first issues](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are simple and well-defined so that they can be good starting points for you to get familiar with the contribution workflow and other developers.

Reviewer: A nit.
```suggestion
If you are a new contributor, please check the [good first issues](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are simple and well-defined so that they can be good starting points for you to get familiar with the contribution workflow and other developers.
```

Reviewer: Ops, did this suggestion get lost? Maybe the order in which my suggestions were applied.

Author: I'm sorry but I overlooked this comment since the commit suggestion button is disabled in the GitHub UI. I applied it manually in https://github.com/optuna/optuna/pull/1597/commits/dca1241f1468666c9072a1ca212e16e4e61ac77a.

> If you are a new contributor, please check [good first issues](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are simple and well-defined so that they can be good starting points for you to get familiar with the contribution workflow and other developers.

Reviewer: Some suggestions on the phrasing.
```suggestion
If you are a new contributor, please check [good first issues](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are relatively simple, well-defined and are often good starting points for you to get familiar with the contribution workflow and other developers.
```

Author: This is more natural than the previous one. Thanks!

> If you have already contributed to Optuna, I would highly recommend the other [contribution-welcome issues](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/labels/contribution-welcome).

Reviewer: Sorry, again details.
```suggestion
If you already have contributed to Optuna, we recommend the other [contribution-welcome issues](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/labels/contribution-welcome).
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion. I applied the latter half in https://github.com/optuna/optuna/pull/1597/commits/bf427954918db5c37a01f374fb1f3413a4a0efdb.
I'm not pretty sure of the order of `already` since we can see `have already contributed to` in the [scikit-learn's document](https://scikit-learn.org/dev/developers/contributing.html#issues-for-new-contributors). So, let me keep the current change for now.

Author: To emphasize `already`, I applied your suggestion in https://github.com/optuna/optuna/pull/1597/commits/1872cddef30847f994d40d6e6097119344fe71f8.

> When you send a pull request, please follow the
> [contribution guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: Although not introduced by this PR, this sentence sounds quite stiff with "please". How about something like the following. "General" is used to cover both of the above two cases (first time, not first time contributions).
```suggestion
For general guidelines how to contribute to the project, take a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

## Contribution

Any contributions to Optuna are more than welcome!

> If you are new to Optuna, please check [good first issues](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are simple and well-defined so that they can be good starting points for you to get familiar with the contribution workflow and other developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to Optuna, please check [good first issues](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/labels/good%20first%20issue). They are simple and well-defined so that they can be good starting points for you to get familiar with the contribution workflow and other developers.
```
